resume.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: my_resume
permalink: /resume/
---

# Education
BSc in Computer Science at Universidad CAECE (Buenos Aires, Argentina)

# Languages
- Spanish: Native 
- English: Fluent

# Work Experience
- __Oct 2013 - Present: [Pager](http://www.pager.com) Lead iOS Developer / Founding Team Member__

  Working on the iOS client, currently published on the [App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pager-personalized-healthcare/id864058356?mt=8).
  
  Also maintained the nodeJS backend on its early stage.

- __Aug 2012 - Oct 2013: iOS Developer at [theLIFT](http://thelift.net)__
  
  Developed and designed diverse projects for clients and prototypes for iOS and OSX too.
  
- __Mar 2011 - Aug 2012: iOS Developer at [TinyCo](http://www.tinyco.com)__

  Developed new features for social games like: Tap Resort, Tiny Zoo and Tiny Zoo Friends. Some of them have reached #1 Top Grossing on the US App Store and were delivered to millions of users.
  
- __Jun 2009 - Mar 2011: iOS Developer at Movisol__
  
  In less than a year and a half we have published, with a small group of developers, more than 50 applications. Many of them were in the top 25 (free) of many countries around the world. This was possible thanks to the development of an own framework and the use of agile methodologies.
  
- __Dec 2007 - Jun 2009: Freelance web developer and designer__

  I worked for several clients as a developer and web designer. During this period I took several courses in Instituto Da Vinci (Buenos Aires, Argentina) to improve my skills with tools such as Adobe Illustrator and languages such as ActionScript 2.
  
- __Jul 2007 - Dec 2007: IBM Internship. Technical Sales Rational__

  I performed demos of several IBM Rational products and wrote some articles for CodeJava.org about them.
  
# Personal Projects
- __Oct 2013 - [PicAnalyzer](http://www.picanalyzer.com)__

  An iOS app that extracts the color palette from a picture. Available at the [App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/ar/app/picanalyzer/id721067923?l=en&mt=8).

- __Jan 2013 - [MosaicUI](https://github.com/betzerra/MosaicUI)__
  
  An open source tiled UI component for iOS that automatic layouts according to the elements' sizes. Popular on GitHub (more than 600 stars and 115 forks)
  
  [See GitHub repo](https://github.com/betzerra/mosaicUI) 
  
  //⚠️ This open source repo is currently deprecated.

- __May 2012 - TweetWorld__

  An iOS Twitter client that looks like a game. Read tweets, collect coins and buy stuff that will add features to your app.
  
  [See demo video](https://vimeo.com/53598821) 
  
  //⚠️ This app is no longer on the App Store.
  
- __Sep 2010 - PictoCard__

  An iOS application that people can use as a board game.

  //⚠️ This app is no longer on the App Store.

- __Sep 2009 - Processing Visuals__

  Developed some visuals that were projected in the Abril Sosa concerts (a famous Argentinian musician) on his solo debut.

  [See GitHub repo](https://github.com/betzerra/processing)
  
# Awards
- __Second place at BAHackathon 2012__

  In less than 48 hours we developed __BAVida__. It was an iPhone app that allowed users to pinpoint a specific location in the City of Buenos Aires and retrieve its quality of life, measured in variables such as noise pollution, proximity to bicycle stations and green areas.
  
  [Read more about it](http://blogs.lanacion.com.ar/data/argentina/bahackaton-de-aplicaciones-moviles-y-datos-abiertos/)

Commit message:

updated website with Canillitapp links

resume.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: my_resume
permalink: /resume/
---

# Education
BSc in Computer Science at Universidad CAECE (Buenos Aires, Argentina)

# Languages
- Spanish: Native 
- English: Fluent

# Work Experience
- __Oct 2013 - Present: [Pager](http://www.pager.com) Lead iOS Developer / Founding Team Member__

  Working on the iOS client, currently published on the [App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pager-personalized-healthcare/id864058356?mt=8).
  
  Also maintained the nodeJS backend on its early stage.

- __Aug 2012 - Oct 2013: iOS Developer at [theLIFT](http://thelift.net)__
  
  Developed and designed diverse projects for clients and prototypes for iOS and OSX too.
  
- __Mar 2011 - Aug 2012: iOS Developer at [TinyCo](http://www.tinyco.com)__

  Developed new features for social games like: Tap Resort, Tiny Zoo and Tiny Zoo Friends. Some of them have reached #1 Top Grossing on the US App Store and were delivered to millions of users.
  
- __Jun 2009 - Mar 2011: iOS Developer at Movisol__
  
  In less than a year and a half we have published, with a small group of developers, more than 50 applications. Many of them were in the top 25 (free) of many countries around the world. This was possible thanks to the development of an own framework and the use of agile methodologies.
  
- __Dec 2007 - Jun 2009: Freelance web developer and designer__

  I worked for several clients as a developer and web designer. During this period I took several courses in Instituto Da Vinci (Buenos Aires, Argentina) to improve my skills with tools such as Adobe Illustrator and languages such as ActionScript 2.
  
- __Jul 2007 - Dec 2007: IBM Internship. Technical Sales Rational__

  I performed demos of several IBM Rational products and wrote some articles for CodeJava.org about them.
  
# Personal Projects
- __Jul 2016 - [Canillitapp](https://github.com/Canillitapp)__

  An open source iOS app that fetches news from Argentina's most important newspapers.

- __Oct 2013 - [PicAnalyzer](http://www.picanalyzer.com)__

  An iOS app that extracts the color palette from a picture. Available at the [App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/ar/app/picanalyzer/id721067923?l=en&mt=8).

- __Jan 2013 - [MosaicUI](https://github.com/betzerra/MosaicUI)__
  
  An open source tiled UI component for iOS that automatic layouts according to the elements' sizes. Popular on GitHub (more than 600 stars and 115 forks)
  
  [See GitHub repo](https://github.com/betzerra/mosaicUI) 
  
  //⚠️ This open source repo is currently deprecated.

- __May 2012 - TweetWorld__

  An iOS Twitter client that looks like a game. Read tweets, collect coins and buy stuff that will add features to your app.
  
  [See demo video](https://vimeo.com/53598821) 
  
  //⚠️ This app is no longer on the App Store.
  
- __Sep 2010 - PictoCard__

  An iOS application that people can use as a board game.

  //⚠️ This app is no longer on the App Store.

- __Sep 2009 - Processing Visuals__

  Developed some visuals that were projected in the Abril Sosa concerts (a famous Argentinian musician) on his solo debut.

  [See GitHub repo](https://github.com/betzerra/processing)
  
# Awards
- __Second place at BAHackathon 2012__

  In less than 48 hours we developed __BAVida__. It was an iPhone app that allowed users to pinpoint a specific location in the City of Buenos Aires and retrieve its quality of life, measured in variables such as noise pollution, proximity to bicycle stations and green areas.
  
  [Read more about it](http://blogs.lanacion.com.ar/data/argentina/bahackaton-de-aplicaciones-moviles-y-datos-abiertos/)
